[KEIICHI]
Huh?
That's completely ridiculous!
It makes perfect sense.
You know we've all
noticed how intense
you can get when
you're playing games
with the club, right?
[SATOKO]
I agree.
Keiichi would be an
excellent candidate.
I only get so into games
because I don't wanna lose.
I'm not trying to
make it more exciting
for everyone else on purpose.
But if you're not trying to,
that just means you're so
good at making things fun
for people that you
can't help doing it!
Uh? Yeah, could be!
But I don't wanna
take credit for that.
[chuckles]
[SATOKO] You think that he'd
be a good choice for it too,
don't you, Rika?
Huh?
Yes, he'd be excellent!
Keiichi has a natural talent
for making any activity
he's a part of
more fun for everybody!
Ni‐pah!
Hold on. Think about it.
We were talking about putting me
on the planning
committee for the festival.
That's a totally
different thing!
Don't get so hung up
on the title, okay?
Just let me tell
you about the work.
In short,
I want you as our host
for the festival auction!
Huh?!
Are you frickin' kidding me?!
In other words, the
festival committee will be
auctioning off donated prizes,
and you're asking me
to be the auctioneer?
Yep! And if they're really
impressed with your work,
they're all gonna
pitch in and set you up
with free tickets to the
Angel Mort Dessert Fest
for the next three years.
Goodness, that sounds like
quite the extravagant reward.
But I'm sure Keiichi
is ready to earn it!
Huh. Easy enough to say someone
else can do something, huh?
[RENA giggles]
I'm sure you'll be fine!
[YOSHIRO]
Hmm...
Look, I'd love to
support you guys,
but stock doesn't grow
on trees, you know?
With your generous donation,
my grandhag hopes we can offer
something exciting
on the auction block
for guests of every age!
A request from the demon queen
of the Sonozakis, huh?
[YOSHIRO]
Okay. I'll donate.
Thank you so much,
Uncle Yoshiro!
All right, Kei,
we're good to go!
He's gonna donate
something to the auction!
Awesome job, Mion!
Now we gotta find something
that'll get attention,
and then the bids
will start pouring in!
[chortles]
Leave that to me!
[chuckles] I'll watch
his face to make sure
we're not going overboard.
[SATOKO]
Oh? Look, Rena!
Don't you think these
would be perfect?
[RENA]
Awoo! They're so kyute!
I wanna take all of 'em home!
Could you not? I was hoping
I could sell some. Heh‐heh.
Whoa! Check it out!
Mahjong.
Hah! I haven't
played in a while!
Though I've probably forgotten
most of the rules to it by now.
Rena, you played?
Did you guys do mahjong for
club or something like that?
[SATOKO]
End of last year, if I recall.
[RENA]
You were great at it, Satoko!
[SATOKO chortles]
Fish through my discard pile,
and you'll catch
a sound beating!
Hey, you better not
be playing mahjong
while you're on
the clock, Uncle Yoshiro.
Never, I wouldn't dream of it.
But this one customer told me
he could pull off
a tsubame gaeshi,
so I asked him to demonstrate.
No! A real tsubame gaeshi?!
Yep. The real thing.
Okay, so what is
a tsubame gaeshi?
It's a cunning trick
where you secretly
exchange your hand and
your wall in one quick move.
Awoo! That sounds so cool!
Could you show me, Satoko?
I've practiced the
technique many times,
but I've made very few
successful attempts.
Let me see!
I'll do my best, then.
Just don't laugh at me
if I can't manage
to make it work.
Why would you spend that much
time practicing an illegal move?
Satoko's the type
who always likes
to place her
traps ahead of time.
That way nobody knows
what's going on
until it's too late.
[SATOKO]
Okay, here I go!
[SATAKO]
Now!
[chuckles]
[SATAKO] You can't say
I didn't warn you all.
[KEIICHI]
It looked pretty close, though!
Actually, I think
I'll give it a shot.
Me too!
Well now, what could
all this be about?
Hey, welcome.
Ooishi.
Are you sure that it's
wise to be stopping in here
while you're on
the beat, Detective?
Wait. "Detective?"
[OOISHI laughs]
As it just so happens,
I'm not on duty today.
My old mahjong mat
started falling apart on me,
so I'm taking the
opportunity to replace it.
You kids didn't strike me
as mahjong players.
I'd figured it was too complex
for most youngsters to get into.
[laughs]
May be, but
"most youngsters" wouldn't
last a second in our game club.
We were just getting ready
to start practicing
the tsubame gaeshi!
So you're back here
practicing cheating?
That's something else.
Also, incidentally, the
customer who showed it to me
was the old detective here.
What? Seriously?
[OOISHI laughs]
I wouldn't attempt it
in a real game,
but it's a crowd‐pleaser.
Detective Ooishi, right?
Can we see?
Will you show us
how you did that?
[laughs]
Keep those eyes open!
Now.
Here it comes.
[KEIICHI]
Whoa!
You did that like
it was nothing!
That was incredible!
I'm completely blown away!
Well, my name is
Keiichi Maebara, sir,
and I've gotta learn
how to do that too!
Well, if you're willing to
practice, I could teach you.
[RIKA]
Can it be?
Ooishi and Keiichi bonding
over a mahjong table?
So do I hold it like this?
The important thing to remember
is that you're not trying
to pick up the tiles.
‐‐[AKASAKA] There you are!
‐‐[OOISHI] Huh?
Seems like you had some trouble
finding the place, Akasaka!
Quite a bit, actually.
I got completely turned around.
Akasaka. Is that you?
So, I guess that means
you must be little Rika.
[MION]
Huh? You've met?
[OOISHI]
News to me.
No idea you knew
Ms. Furude here.
Who would've guessed?
It's been a good while,
and you've grown up so
much since I last saw you.
You've grown some, too.
You look stronger
than you were before.
Why are you back in Hinamizawa?
I just came out here
with my wife on vacation.
So, we left our daughter
with my parents for a while.
[OOISHI]
Akasaka's wife is quite the gem,
so it's only natural that
he's very attached to her.
Like, five years ago,
we were in the middle of
a work trip to Okinomiya
when all of a sudden he got
so worried about his wife
that he went AWOL
halfway through the day
to check up on her.
That was a fun one to explain.
That was the day you
told me something awful
was going to happen to Yukie
if I wasn't by her side,
and it spooked me so bad
I went straight back to her
at the hospital.
Then, later that same day,
somebody had a bad fall
on the staircase
Yukie normally
used to get around.
If I hadn't listened
to your warning,
it could have been my wife
who got hurt on
those stairs that day.
[SATOKO]
I can believe that.
Rika's always had an odd habit
of saying prophetic things.
Well, people do say she's
Lord Oyashiro reborn.
As far as I'm concerned,
you saved her life.
I owe you so much.
I'll do whatever you need.
In June 1983, on the 19th,
or some day shortly after,
somebody is going to kill me.
How do you‐‐?
[RIKA]
I want to live a happy life.
That's all I want.
A full life surrounded
by the friends I love.
A chance to enjoy their
company without fear.
If I can just have that,
it'll be enough.
There must be a way.
I don't wanna die.
[AKASAKA]
It's been five years.
I'm stronger and I have
more experience now.
This time I really can help.
I need to talk
to you in private.
Akasaka, how long do you
plan on staying here?
Well, we were going to be
in town through the festival.
[chuckles]
It's a pretty long vacation.
The precinct was on my back
about all the unused PTO.
Does that mean that you're
going to be here in Hinamizawa
and you won't be leaving
until Watanagashi is over?
Uh, well, no,
I was heading to
meet up with my wife.
We're going to be staying
at Wakura Onsen.
It's a trek, but not too far.
Akasaka?
[RIKA]
Do you think you could stay?
Here in the village,
until Watanagashi is over.
I'm sorry?
I understand how much
I'm asking of you.
But I...
I really need your help.
Of course,
then I'll let Yukie
know that she should
head to the hot springs
resort without me.
Are you sure?
Heh. If it hadn't been for you,
my wife might not be
with us anymore.
If I couldn't return
that favor to you,
I don't think I could
ever forgive myself.
Akasaka. Thank you so much!
Honestly, I owe you
a lot more than this,
and I'm sure Yukie
won't hold it against you.
I'm guessing she'll hold it
against me a little bit, though.
Well, that might be
the real danger!
[AKASAKA laughs]
I know where you are now,
you disgusting parasites!
[laughs]
I can feel you.
You've been in me
the whole time!
Get out of my body!
Get out. Get out!
Get out! [screams]
[OOISHI]
Akasaka, can you hear me?
We're willing to hear
whatever demands you have.
Our only priority right now
is to ensure Rika Furude
is alive and well!
Please, Akasaka.
Tell me what it is you want!
Shut the hell up!
I've almost done it.
I finally tracked
down their nest!
These bugs have been
burrowing into my brain,
but not anymore!
Okay. We're almost done.
Rika.
I'm doing all this for you.
[laughs]
See? It'll be okay now!
The parasites
were inside of you too,
but now I got 'em all out!
I'm not gonna let anything
happen to you, Rika!
[laughs]
Of course not.
[AKASAKA]
Dammit, this itching is torture!
I know how to get rid
of these damn bugs!
[pants]
[screams]
Itchy, itchy, itchy,
itchy, itchy!
How do you like this?
You think you can hide from
a fire, you little fuckers?
[laughs]
Answer me if you recognize
my voice, Akasaka!
It's your mahjong buddy Oishi,
we worked a case together!
Trust me, I'm on your side!
Hang in there!
[MION]
Why is this happening?
I'm going in!
[OOISHI]
Stay back, Maebara!
[KEIICHI]
Let go of me!
Rika is trapped in there!
I have to go and help my friend!
I know why you
wanna do this, son,
but you need to let the
professionals handle this!
[SATOKO]
We're here, Rika!
Please shout if you're okay!
I swear we'll‐‐
Rika, no!
Oh, please.
Someone call the
fire department!
Hurry!
Itchy, itchy, itchy, itchy!
Damn it!
Just let me live long enough
to feel the little bastards die!
[laughs]
It's always a surprise how badly
those tragic dice can land.
Really.
Akasaka, of all people, right?
[laughs]
[YAKUZA]
Don't. Please!
It's my hand wielding the blade,
but it was Hinamizawa Village
that killed you.
[AKANE] This itching in
my neck is unbearable.
[MION]
Mom.
Are you still alive?
I'm glad you spoke up
before I moved on.
But why?
[AKANE] Our hateful
lineage must end here.
The demon blood inside us.
I'll spill every last,
foul drop!
[AKANE]
This is intolerable.
Like bugs digging into my flesh!
[moans]
I can't stop itching.
And I'm sure your tainted blood
must be torturing you
just as much, dear.
Even worse,
Ssince you cut up
my shoulders so badly,
I can't even lift my arms
to scratch my throat.
You genuinely didn't
deserve to be born
into such a cursed
family as the Furudes.
If only we all could
choose our own fates,
I would never
have had to be born
in this hellmouth of a village!
If only, but the curse of
Hinamizawa was upon us
from our very first breaths,
and a hideous death
is our birthright.
[AKANE] Indeed, all the
misery and pain and itching.
You deserve better.
I'm going to stop
the hurting now!
Yes, you'd be
doing me a kindness.
Please put an end to this.
I'm ready to move on
to the next world.
And once your Hinamizawa
blood is purged.
I'll join you in that world.
Now go!
[KIMIYOSHI]
If this keeps up,
the curse'll wipe out
the whole village.
Someone's gotta take care of it,
and it looks like it's
gonna have to be me!
Don't do this.
Please let me go.
I surely do wish I could, Rika.
Trust me, if I thought
there was some better way,
I would never do this.
Truth is, there aren't many
untainted souls around,
so at the end of the day
it's gonna have to be you
that drowns in the swamp.
Kimiyoshi, if you
plan on killing me,
then can't you just do it here?
Well, if I do that,
Lord Oyashiro's not gonna
be happy with me at all,
is he now?
[RIKA]
You can sacrifice me.
Just hurry up and kill me
and do whatever you need to do
with my body after that. Please.
Bless your little heart.
[RIKA]
Get it over with.
I'm begging you.
You can't offer up
a life to the gods
if all you bring to
the altar is a dead body.
[RIKA]
Kimiyoshi!
[grunts]
Boy, but there's some
thick‐headed folk here
in the village.
Why the hell won't
they understand?
It's the swamp gas that's
the real demon, I tell ya!
And we gotta do
somethin' about it
or it's gonna swallow
Hinamizawa whole!
But I keep sayin' it and
they keep doin' nothing,
so in the end I gotta be
the one to get my hands dirty
and keep all those idiots alive!
[pants]
I know the whole story,
so please stop.
Those damn Sonozakis went soft.
Left the mess for
the Kimiyoshis to fix!
Who put them in charge, huh?
Buncha feckless cowards
that can't even do
what needs doin'
for the village!
[yells]
[pants]
Well, the blood of a Furude
woman has always been
just the thing when Lord
Oyashiro gets cranky,
and lucky us,
I happened to know exactly
where I could rustle one up!
Stop talking.
Yes, yes.
Getting the chance to carry on
your ancestors'
tradition like this,
you must feel so proud.
[RIKA]
Please stop talking.
If you ask me, we're the
only real family heads.
Oryo's half senile by now.
and that Mion is
just about useless.
Everyone's forgotten what
they all owe to this village!
Kids these days, I swear.
[RIKA] I get it, so please,
drop me overboard already
and let me carry out my role.
Ohh!
You're the only one
out of the other houses
who understands how important‐‐
I'd just rather drown than
choke on your rancid breath.
Don't you talk back
to your elders!
Hear me? You rotten little girl!
[breaking glass]
[laughs]
It's really getting
fun now, isn't it, Rena?
Why would you do this, Keiichi?
We were all just
hanging out with our friends!
[KEIICHI laughs]
And we're all having a great
time together, aren't we?
But hey, it's gonna
get even better
once I bust that head
of yours wide open!
It's happening again.
[laughs]
Kinda like being in club,
isn't it? Hyaa!
You're not wrong. But...
This isn't the kind of
world anyone wanted!
It's just a bad dream, Keiichi!
This isn't really you.
So please wake‐‐
It's always someone different,
and there's no way to
know where or when it'll be.
But it will happen.
And it's not fair.
Why do I have to
go through this alone?
Watching my friends
die again and again.
[RIKA]
What horrible sin did I commit?
What was my crime?
What have I done to
deserve eternity in this hell?
[KEIICHI]
It's just us now, Rika.
Hurry up and tell me
how I get rid of them.
These parasites inside my body.
How do I kill them all?
I know you know more about them
than you're letting on,
so tell me how to get rid of
these filthy maggots already!
[laughs]
I do know what you need,
and it's right in front of you.
[KEIICHI] Don't make it
a game; just tell me!
Right now, dammit!
I can feel the things
crawling down my throat,
I'm almost choking on 'em!
And this itching is going
to drive me insane!
It's in here.
Huh?!
What you're looking
for is in my head.
All you have to do
is crack open my skull
and eat my brains,
and the itching will stop.
[laughs]
I found it!
I finally found the cure!
[RIKA] I wish it was just a bad
dream and I could wake up.
[RIKA]
I would open my eyes.
See the sun shining
through the window
of my dorm room at
Saint Lucia Academy.
And I would get out of bed
and go face a new day
where anything could happen.
That's all I want.
That would be enough for me.
[RIKA] Next time:
Nekodamashi‐hen, Part Three.